Hi, people, my name is dindi silva.
video show you
the before and after the cast of the series
austin and her
this series was originally lived in
2011 in Brazil in 2012
the one completed in 2015 has 73 episodes
distributed over four seasons
As usual, the Disney series
has a maximum of four seasons and that
now with the before and after
I'm strong
ae
who follows baby the grandmother handles was play gives
O
will be the galera
arrived to climb
the kiss
ae
not
here the hard blows am
solid waste
so we're at the end of the video
If you like click you do not
forget to share this video with
your friends to subscribe to this channel
12 is not yet registered
thank you very much for having assisted and even
next foot already
obviously a
Earth
ae
your mother